#summary Build_20110515_001 Release Notes

= Introduction =

Build_20110515_001 Release Notes

= Changes =
  * New functionality: auto-click Money "Import" dialog. When you download an OFX quotes/statement, Money will post a dialog box. If you have a lot of download, having to click multiple dialogs can be an annoyance. This feature will look for the dialog box and auto-click it to pop it down. To disable this feature, deselect the checkbox in menu:
{{{
Tools -> Import dialog auto-click
}}}
  * I disable the previously available menu:
{{{
File -> New -> Financial Institution
}}}
by mistake. I will fix this in the next build.

= Download = 
  * http://code.google.com/p/hle-ofx-quotes/downloads/detail?name=hleOfxQuotes-Build_20110515_001.jar
  * If you have `*`.jar mapped to java, you can just double-click to start.
  * Or run has
{{{
java -jar hleOfxQuotes-Build_20110515_001.jar
}}}
  * For first-timer, please read: http://code.google.com/p/hle-ofx-quotes/wiki/FirstTimerReadMeFirst

= Details =

  The information on how to pop-down comes from post by George at http://pocketsense.blogspot.com/2011/04/new-production-version-of-money-scripts.html?showComment=1305329004696#c6775971114926198565. Kudos to George for doing the leg work.

  PocketSense users could also use hleOfxQuote as a generic auto-click tool for the Import dialog.

  # Start hleOfxQuotes by double-click on the `*`.jar file or run
{{{
java -jar hleOfxQuotes-Build_20110515_001.jar
}}}
  # Run PocketSense to update/download
  # hleOfxQuotes will look the Import dialogs and auto-click on them.
  # Quit PocketSense
  # Quit hleOfxQuotes


  
  