#summary Build_20110226_001 Release Notes

= Introduction =

Build_20110226_001 Release Notes

= Changes =
  * http://code.google.com/p/hle-ofx-quotes/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3ABuild_20110226_001

{{{
ID	Summary
2	Yahoo downloads prices in pounds in error for pence
3	Multiple entries in the csv file for the same investment
4	Enhancement Request: Support for multiple Accounts to Import OFX
5	Support an external exchange rate table
6	Conversion from GBX to GBP yield 0.000
7	Add support for specifying quote-source-currency in mapper.csv
10	"Randomized" share count does not always work (only if shares are added)
}}}

  * Start new codes to support downloading statement. See section *Download Statement* below.

= Download = 
  * http://code.google.com/p/hle-ofx-quotes/downloads/detail?name=hleOfxQuotes-Build_20110226_001.jar

= Details =
  * *IMPORTANT* for UK user, please enable the following new setting *Incrementally Increased Share Count*
{{{
Edit -> Quotes -> Incrementally Increased Share Count -> set to true
}}}
  This setting supersedes the *Randomize Share Count* which is deprecated and will be remove in next build. Please set *Randomize Share Count* to false
{{{
Edit -> Quotes -> Randomize Share Count -> set to false
}}}
  Why this change is needed?
  For MS2005UK to update its price, we need to force a transaction to be recorded. Previously, randomized share count will sometimes yield 
    * (1) adding shares, sometimes 
    * (2) removing shares. 
  When (2) happens, prices are not updated. Making the share count incrementally increasing will ensure that we always add shares. Will increase in .001 increment and wrap around at .999 shares.

  * For unit price, now generate 6 decimal place on OFX file. This will fix a previous problem where .49 GBX price is converted into .00 GBP. 

  * I've added an additional column in the mapper.cvs called "QuotesSourceCurrency" that you can use to specify the currency of a security if the quote source is not providing it. Example:
{{{
MSMoneySymbol,QuotesSourceSymbol,IsMutualFund,IsOptions,QuotesSourceCurrency
VINCI,DG.NX,FALSE,FALSE,EUR
}}}
  Use case: you want to get a quote price for a non-US security from Yahoo quote source (which will likely to return the the price in GPX or GPB).

  * Add a new concept call *Quote Profile* to make it easier to switch
    * OFX account id
    * Currency
  User can choose a *Quote Profile* from file menu
{{{
File -> Quote Profies -> USD Proffile
File -> Quote Profies -> CAN Proffile
}}}
  Input to populate above menu come from `*`.properties file under directory *profiles/*.
  Property file will have key-value pair looking like this
{{{
name: USD Profile
accountid: 123456
currency: USD
}}}

  * Support multiple entries of same QuoteSourceSymbol mapping to ONE MsMoneySymbol
{{{
CIG686,MUTF_CA:CIG1786,TRUE
CIG786,MUTF_CA:CIG1786,TRUE
}}}
  Note: this will yield TWO entries (in this case CIG686, CIG786) in the generated OFX file.

 * Start initial support for external exchange rate table. Please see the comment in this issue: http://code.google.com/p/hle-ofx-quotes/issues/detail?id=5&q=label%3ABuild_20110226_001

= Download Statement =
First, this feature is brand-new code so it still has a lot of rough edges. So please try it only if you are willing to put up with some manual editing and the possibility that it might NOT work for your particular case. Also, I ask that if you do try it out, give feedback and log bug if something is not working right.

What is it? For downloading OFX statement from bank, brokerage, credit card company.

  * The low-level OFX "engine" is pretty stable: generating OFX file, sending request, receiving responses.
  * The on-board user experience (how to first create the user account) is not all there yet. Current mode of operation is that you have to
    * edit the content of a `*`.properties file
    * try, see error, fix up values in `*`.properties file
    * repeat until success
  * Does NOT have the "scrubber" feature (modifying the OFX responses) that PocketSense provides.

I've added a new top-level tab called *Statements* at the bottom, select that tab will give you the "Statement" view

I will give more details in coming day but here is quick recipe
  # Bottom tab: switch to *Statements*
  # Create a new *Financial Institution*
{{{
File -> New -> Financial Institution
}}}
  # Enter a name. For example: *Fidelity*, click *OK*
  # Top table is updated with new row. Select new row with column name *FI Sample*
  # Bottom tab name "Properties" is updated and show something like this:
{{{
# Name of the Financial Institution (FI)
fi.name=FI Sample

# A good resource to obtain OFX info for your FI http://www.ofxhome.com/

# FI Id
# Some FI has id. Others don't. When in doubt, keep this value empty
fi.id=1234
# FI Org
...
}}}
  # Edit the content of "Properties" (Notes: you can use control-c, control-v for copy, paste), change value of
{{{
fi.name=FI Sample
  TO
fi.name=Fidelity
}}}
  # Popup menu, select *Save*. Check to see if the row column value for *Name* is changed from "FI Sample" to "Fidelity"
  # Now go to http://www.ofxhome.com/ and search for "Fidelity Investments", you should get the following information
{{{
FI Id	7776
FI Org	fidelity.com
FI Url	https://ofx.fidelity.com/ftgw/OFX/clients/download
FI Broker Id	fidelity.com
}}}
  # Edit "Properties", set those values as
{{{
fi.id=7776
fi.org=fidelity.com
fi.url=https://ofx.fidelity.com/ftgw/OFX/clients/download
fi.brokerId=fidelity.com
}}}
  # Also, change the OFX version to 2
{{{
ofx.version=1
TO
ofx.version=2
}}}
  # Popup menu, select *Save*.  
  # Now click on "Download" button. You should get an error since we have not set the userName and password. 
    * Look in the "Status" column in table (top), should show ERROR
    * Switch over to "Download Error" tab (bottom), to get more detail
{{{
java.io.IOException: ERROR Error occurred logging in
...
}}}
   # Now edit "Properties" to enter your username, password and acccount id.
{{{
user.id=id123456
user.password=password654321
  TO
user.id=YOUR_ACTUAL_FIDELITY_LOGIN
user.password=YOUR_ACTUAL_FIDELITY_PASSWORD

account.1.id=123456789
  TO
account.1.id=YOUR_ACTUAL_FIDELITY_PASSWORD
}}}
  # Popup menu, select *Save*.  
  # Now click on "Download" button. Provided that you have entered the correct username, password and account id, you have get a SUCCESS status.

== Buttons ==
  * Refresh: reload the table. Data are stored in a directory named *fi/* in current directory (where the `*`.jar file is located.
  * Download: download statement for the selected row(s)
  * Import: import the downloaded statement for the selected row(s) into Microsoft Money.
  * Download All: download statements for all rows
  * Import All: import the downloaded statement for all rows into Microsoft Money.

== Getting more help ==
Hope this is enough to get you started, for questions/comments
  * Check out the wiki: https://code.google.com/p/hle-ofx-quotes/w/list
  * Ask question at: http://microsoftmoneyoffline.wordpress.com/2010/02/12/java-app-to-update-quotes/
  * Log a bug: https://code.google.com/p/hle-ofx-quotes/issues/list

== Things that are being worked on ==
  * Make it easier to enter the OFX info (url, broker id ...)
  * Make it easier to look up the account id and enter them
  * How does user know when to use OFX v2, v1?
  * Encrypt user credential the way PocketSense does it?

  