#summary mapper.csv

= Introduction =

This tool can use a helper file called *mapper.csv* to let you map a symbol that MM knows to a symbol that your quote source knows.

  * *Problem*: let's say you have stock that MM knows as *BBT*, your quote source (where you get price) knows the same stock as *BBT:NYQ*. Obviously there is mis-match that someone will have to resolve. That is where mapper.csv comes in to play. Using mapper.csv, you can tell the tool:
    * When talking to the quote source, use *BBT:NYQ*
    * When talking to MM, use *BBT*. Literally, this means when generating the OFX file.
  * Some Quote Source also does NOT provide the information that identify if a symbol is of type mutual funds or managed funds. This tool needs that information to generate correct OFX output. If you are using ft.com or Google Portfolio, you MUST create a mapper.cvs file with filled in column *IsMutualFund* or your fund will be updated correctly.

== Usage ==

  * Create a file name *mapper.csv* in the same directory where you keep the `*`.jar file. You can also use menu
{{{
Help -> About
}}}
  to get the name of the directory.
  * Create file mapper.csv. You can use Excel, if you want. Just make sure that you save it as CSV file.
  * Format of mapper.csv
{{{
MSMoneySymbol,QuotesSourceSymbol,IsMutualFund,IsOptions
BBT,BBT:NYQ,FALSE,FALSE
AAPLOPT1,AAPL110219C00220000,FALSE,TRUE
}}}
  * You can also give hints to the tool about the type of the security: mutual fund? options? by using the appropriate column
    * IsMutualFund: set TRUE if this security is a mutual fund
    * IsOptions: set TRUE if this security is an options

Sanity check: check the content of the "Mapper" tab, it should have the content of your mapper.csv file. If not, the tool did not read the file.