#summary Update MSMoney 'Currencies Rate' table automatically

= DRAFT =

= Introduction =

This is an initial effort to make it possible to update the currencies exchange rate table automatically.

*This feature is EXPERIMENTAL*. Please proceed with caution: test with a copy of your {{{*.mny}}} file first.


= Details =

Currently, there is no known path to change the currencies exchange rate via OFX file. To update, you will have to do one of the following:

  # Update manually
  # Use tool to mimic mouse-keyboard sequences
  # Use tool to edit {{{*.mny}}} file directly

This note documents approach *number 3*.

Currently, there are two distinct tasks (we will simplify this at a later date).
  # Create a *fx.csv* file. This file contains the current rate
  # Update {{{*.mny}}} file using above file *fx.csv*

== Creating fx.csv file ==
  * You can use *hleOfxQuotes app* to create the *fx.csv* file for you.
  * Get this version of *hleOfxQuotes app*: http://sunriise.sourceforge.net/out/hleofxquotes/Build_20110626_001/hleOfxQuotes-Build_20110626_001.jar
  * Save to a directory.
  * Double-click on *hleOfxQuotes-Build_20110626_001.jar* to start.

== Update {{{*.mny}}} file ==
  * You can use *sunriise app* to update your {{{*.mny}}} file using above generated *fx.csv* file.
  * Get this version of *sunriise app*: http://sunriise.sourceforge.net/out/hleofxquotes/Build_20110626_001/sunriise-0.0.2-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar
  * Save to same directory as above *hleOfxQuotes app*.